>> This is "Nuevo," the
story of Antonio Urzi.
All his videos of
unidentified flying objects
from 2003 to present day.
A remarkable case
of a person who
has managed to obtain
the best images
of real extraterrestrial
spaceships in the world.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gaia presents "Nuevo,"
with Jaime Maussan.
>> Is it possible that this
Italian fashion designer is
indeed a messenger for the
extraterrestrial presence?
Antonio Urzi is
considered today,
the best UFO hunter
in the world.
His videos are among the
most convincing ever made
regarding UFOs.
They have been analyzed,
and considered authentic.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Is it possible that this
Italian fashion designer is
indeed a messenger for the
extraterrestrial presence.
Antonio Urzi is considered
today the best UFO hunter
in the world.
His videos are among the
most convincing ever made
regarding UFOs.
They have been analyzed,
and considered authentic.
We continue to present
the chronological sequence
of the most important videos
of this Italian designer.
We will return to the year
2009, where he not only recorded
amazing images of
these objects, but he
made several international trips
that allowed him to record UFOs
in other countries.
On March 30, 2009,
from his home in Milan,
he obtained extraordinary
images of an object
that came near his window.
We can hear with clarity,
Antonio's comments
while recording the
incredible pictures.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> It moves from right to left.
It moves a lot.
>> On May 18, he would
film a blue sphere.
It is very clear, and
remains practically still.
On May 21, 2009, again, he
would take spectacular shots.
In this case, it was a different
object, very well-defined.
Seldom in the history
of this phenomenon,
have images like
this been captured.
It is also possible
to observe energy that
is detached from the object.
We continue with the most
complete investigation
that has been made by Antonio
Urzi, who since childhood saw
strange objects in the sky,
even with the skepticism
of his loved ones.
Today, we will travel to
Livorno, on the coast of Italy,
to meet his family and
see his childhood home.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Antonio took us to a place
in the outskirts of Livorno,
where he had observed a UFO as a
teenager in the company of some
friends in Valle
Benedetta, near Livorno.
This would be our first
encounter in 2006,
with Antonio, the
man who would become
known as one of the most
prolific UFO observers
in the world.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> At this place, I felt
comfortable to be able to meet
at night with my friends.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> It was not the
same in the city.
Here in the countryside, I
could see those objects better.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Because except for my house,
it's the only place where
I've always seen
these strange objects.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> When I went with my friends,
we always saw UFOs of all sizes
and shapes.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> We usually went after
dinner around sunset,
when there was still some light.
We would continue from then,
until after 2:00 or 3:00
in the morning.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> We positioned ourselves
here, always facing in this
direction.
And in a matter of minutes,
we began to see those lights.
They appeared on this
side, and then moved
to the other extreme.
There were two or three, and
then after a few moments,
they were going back
to the mountain.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> No, it was an entirely
personal experience.
Even when I started
filming them,
I did not plan to share
it with anyone else.
All these experiences
began to affect a change
in my life, especially
when I had the opportunity
to meet Giorgio Bongiovanni
and Giorgio Siragusa.
With them I vividly remembered
my experiences with the UFOs.
All this made me feel an
essential inner maturity.
I knew that these beings
revealed themselves
for some extraordinary reason.
That is why coming
back here reminds me
of those beautiful memories
of lights and objects
that I saw in my youth.
Over time, we have come
to know that there's
a variety of these objects.
The ones I saw here are part
of classic examples, which
have been observed in
many parts of the world
by numerous witnesses.
During that time, there
were unknown facts.
We came here every
day to the same place,
and I remember that we saw two
and sometimes four luminous
objects flying over us.
Sometimes we stayed
for an hour standing,
and then lights and objects
of different shapes and sizes
appeared.
We also saw a
triangular light which
describes the UFOs
that Carlos Diaz saw,
and that is very important.
Remember that we were
just a group of three
or four boys standing
in this place
in the middle of the darkness.
And sometimes people
would pass by,
and we wanted them to see
the flying lights too.
Almost nobody stopped
because they thought maybe
we would try to assault them.
Nevertheless, many people
did witness those events.
Many people who
lived in this area
also had memories of seeing
similar things for a long time.
10 years later,
I moved to Milan,
but still this place remains in
my memory as a magical place.
This is where my
sightings actually
began, and would continue
at my house in Livorno.
I will never forget.
>> According to
Antonio's testimony,
these lights and objects seemed
to look for him in this place.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> We were in the car, and
we stopped here for a moment,
and suddenly objects
appeared to us.
There was a pair of lights
that came from that hill,
and began to
intensify its light.
They moved with
irregular patterns.
A conventional plane
cannot do this.
Nobody brought a
camera because we
didn't think we would see
such an extraordinary event.
We had no intention of sharing
what we saw with anyone.
It was purely a personal
experience, just among us.
We were afraid to share
it with anyone else.
When I moved to Milan
in 2000, I began
to have the same experiences
outside of Livorno
for the next three years.
>> For Antonio, this location
is an exceptional place,
where unidentified flying
objects are seen frequently.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> This is a very special area,
where I've had extraordinary
personal experiences.
Very important events
have happened here,
that have a lot to do
with the extraterrestrial
manifestations.
>> Antonio's words at that
moment seem exaggerated,
however, as the
investigation progressed,
we would become witnesses of
the events that occurred around
this special person.
His real mission seems to
be that he's the conduit
to inform us of the
extraterrestrial phenomenon
on Earth.
>> Antonio's words at that
moment seemed exaggerated,
however, as the
investigation progressed,
we would become witnesses of
the events that occurred around
this special person.
Perhaps his real mission
is that of a conduit,
here to educate us on Earth,
about the extraterrestrial
phenomenon.
In Valle Benedetta,
we meet two witnesses
who were Urzi's companions
during their trips
to this place.
They decide to share
their testimony with us.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> When Antonio told me
about these experiences,
I believed everything
immediately.
We were friends from childhood,
since we were five years old.
We also share other interests,
such as sports, dance,
and gymnastics.
He is a person of great
vision, who has always
wanted to improve
himself, to understand
well the new technology.
And he loves history.
He always thinks positively.
He knows himself, and
tries to understand others.
Through Antonio, I have
broadened my way of thinking.
He has acted as a medium, which
has given me the opportunity
to see reality in a new way.
I consider that very important.
It has made me a new person, who
has discovered things in myself
that I was unaware of before.
This place makes you feel that
there exists a unique energy.
We perceive sensations that
we do not have in other areas.
I could not explain precisely
how that energy manifests
itself, but when we are
here, we all felt it.
In addition to just
looking at the sky,
there was this powerful feeling.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Over the trees
was a massive object,
perhaps more than 30 feet long.
It looked kind of
like a jellyfish
with three colored
lights in the center.
It began to move with
gentle movements,
and then, little by
little, a bit faster.
It did not look
like an airplane.
At that moment, I had
no idea what it was.
I thought it was a helicopter,
but it moved very differently.
Then, it changed direction
towards the southeast.
>> Antonio lived in Livorno
during the early years of his
life, and it was here that his
family also became witnesses.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> The mother of Antonio
Urzi, Antonia Terranova,
is a lady who was
born in Argentina,
and from a very young
age lived in Italy,
where she would marry
and have two children,
Antonio and Gabrielle.
Antonia confirms her son
Antonio's love of his sightings
since he was a young child.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> I knew it since he was a
kid, and later on, when he was
a 14-year-old young man.
He was always looking up from
the terrace of the house.
Antonio spent many hours during
the night watching the sky.
And I asked myself,
how is it that he never
gets tired of doing that?
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> I realized when we were
together, he would say to me,
look mom, up there.
And I saw it.
It was true.
The moving object
we saw together.
On one occasion, when
we were returning
from Terni at 4 o'clock
in the afternoon,
and after dropping off
one of his friends,
we got out of the car and
he said to me, look mommy!
That up there!
We all saw it.
There were three of us, Antonio,
and his friend, and myself.
We could see it very clearly.
It was impressive.
It's not common to
see these things.
Many times he called for
me and I ignored him.
I remember another
time in this house.
Antonio went to
the terrace and he
called for my sister,
my mother, and me.
He was crying.
It was so sad to
see him like that.
I saw him very excited,
trembling and crying.
And my sister and
I saw many objects
that looked like balloons,
and a very intense light
that stopped and did not move.
This lasted for a long time.
It really was a very
emotional moment
to have witnessed this
extraordinary event,
and at the same time,
to see that Antonio was
so excited, but very emotional.
He trembled and cried.
For me, it was
something incredible.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes, very important.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Actually, I would not
even know how to explain it.
When one tells
other people, many
think that maybe we
are nuts, seeing things
that are hard to believe.
We prefer to keep quiet and not
to share it with anyone else.
Only when we talk to someone who
has had a similar experience,
they can believe us.
Making comments to the majority
of people who are unbelievers,
they will always
think we are crazy.
Am I right?
Many people think like that.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> I see this as normal, because
I used to see those things when
he was a child.
Nothing has changed much.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Actually, it's the same
things Antonio has seen since
he was a child.
He always said it, even
when he was four years old.
Mama, mama!
Look in the sky!
I also observed
those strange objects
when I was 15 years old.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> For me it's the
most natural thing,
because I'm used to
seeing these things.
It has not changed at
all over the years.
When we go out for a
walk on the street,
he's always looking at the
sky, never lowering his eyes
to see where he's walking.
One day, he's going
to fall in a hole.
He's obsessed with
watching the sky.
Once we went to the cemetery
to visit my father's grave,
and Antonio told me, mom,
look what's up there.
I told him, it's a plane.
And he said, no, the
plane is over there.
It seems that there is something
that always follows him.
>> Antonio's Italian
father, Giuseppe Urzi,
is a skeptic by nature, but he
also became a witness with his
son.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Since Antonio was a child,
he was obsessed with looking
at the sky.
Personally, I'm not
someone who spends
a lot of time doing that.
One day, I went to the terrace
because Antonio was there,
and as always, he was absorbed
in looking at the sky.
He told me that
he had seen a UFO.
I thought it was
just his imagination.
I think most children
his age do not spend
time doing this sort of thing.
But for him, it was his passion.
It was not that we did not
going to believe him, my wife
and I told him that kids
his age were playing soccer.
Actually, I was
surprised that he was not
more interested in
those kind of games.
One morning, he was
waiting for the school bus,
suddenly, he came back to
the house and told my wife,
while I was getting
ready to go to work,
I saw this huge beam of
light, and I followed it
until it disappeared.
It was not a plane,
because he pointed
in the opposite direction
of the Piza airport.
The next day, I was
reading the morning paper.
I found an article
on Livorno, which
stated that a UFO had
been sighted there.
>> His brother, Gabrielle,
believes that Antonio is
fortunate to be able
to see these objects.
He has also been a witness.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> I think he's a lucky men,
and is able to see those unusual
and mysterious
objects in the sky.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> One afternoon, while
we were driving in Milan,
Antonio said to me, look up.
I did immediately,
and I saw nothing.
But after a couple minutes,
I noticed a still object
in the form of a golden disk.
It began to move slowly.
I saw a bright light
shining under the UFO.
We continue driving,
and we arrived
to the outskirts of Milan.
That is when we realized
that the light was not
part of the flying object.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> What I think?
I think it's something
most unusual.
Some believe it's true,
and others do not.
It's difficult to explain
when you see strange things.
The emotions are
overwhelming when you witness
something so extraordinary.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Because most humans do
not observe this every day.
I had never seen it until the
day my brother pointed it out
to me.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes, it is.
Besides, he doesn't have
just two or three videos.
He has quite a lot.
He's not a computer expert
who can work with Photoshop.
I know him very well.
He's a person of integrity.
Since he was a child, he
saw things in the sky.
Over the last 10 years,
he's filmed homemade videos
that are wonderful.
They're really incredible
and fascinating.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes, I've seen
them too in Livorno.
I've seen them at night.
Once, while at a friend's
house, after dinner,
I looked out the window.
It was in an area of the city
that faces the mountains.
I saw a small green light that
was in the field, and then,
zoom!
It just took off.
>> Antonio took us to the
place where he had his first
sightings at his
house in Livorno.
He lived in the upper
part of the house,
where there was a small terrace.
It was there he used to spend
the days and nights watching
the sky.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Between 1994 and 1995, this
is the place where I started
having these experiences
of seeing flying objects.
Most of the time,
around 9:00 at night,
in the direction of that
building over there,
in the middle of
that space, I usually
saw them there, behind that
wall, moving in the sky there.
And now in Milan, where
I filmed them every day.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes, yes, yes, yes.
I never miss an
opportunity to film
them when I see them flying.
For me, it is
extremely important
to have the evidence
captured on video.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes, yes.
Of the same type, but they
have many variants, shapes,
and sizes.
Yes, indeed.
And the question I have,
are they posing for me?
I do not have the answer, but I
take every opportunity to film.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Evidently, yes.
But in this last period,
the flights have increased.
Usually, I film them
at an early hour,
while surrounded by many
people who are witnesses.
Although, sometimes I would
go to the center of Milan
at about 3:00 o'clock
in the afternoon,
and they would reappear to
the amazement of many people.
I also like to record
in public areas,
so that there is proof of them.
For me, this site is the center
of where everything began--
the experiences and
memories of my childhood.
In other places I also
see them, but this place
is the beginning
of my adventure.
Very intense.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Few.
Very few.
It's a period that includes
between the end of '95 and '96.
At that time, I
had no experiences.
Before that, when I was
little, about 5 or 6 years old,
I first saw them.
And this continued
until I was 12.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes, in '94 and '95 here.
And then something
fantastic happened.
Two months later, I learned
about Eugenio Siragusa
and Giorgio Bongiovanni.
And for me, by chance, I learned
about the fantastic experiences
I had as a child.
And two months later, I
met Giorgio Bongiovanni,
who had revealed his
vast experiences.
And the information I learned
about him was very moving.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yeah, I remember, although
not in large numbers.
But they were
significant episodes.
I saw many spheres
during the day.
At night, the spheres
illuminated at low altitude.
I've seen flotillas
at night, like those
that have appeared in Mexico.
My mother and my
aunt are witnesses.
And they also remember seeing
UFOs at different altitudes.
There have been a considerable
number of sightings.
But now, there are even more.
In contrast, before
they were isolated.
Not as many as now.
And currently, I can
shoot as many as five,
sometimes up to
seven times a day.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> In my specific case, because
I know that I have a special
relationship with those beings.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes, they allow
me to film them,
and I share the images
publicly to make awareness
of their presence
on this planet.
Thanks to your research,
my case is known in Mexico.
You are a professional
in the field,
and very respected in Mexico.
And here in Italy,
some doors are
starting to open which will
allow us the opportunity
to talk about what
is happening here.
This will be very helpful.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Since they have started
talking about this here,
several specialists and
researchers have been able
to make this case
known to the public.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes, in Mexico a lot.
And that is due
more than anything
to your excellent research work.
I know that your interest
is to disclose it.
This is undoubtedly making
this issue more talked
about in Italy.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes, more and more.
Now many ufology researchers
are reporting on the activity
of extraterrestrial activity.
>> After our first
meeting in January 2007,
we returned to Livorno
with Antonio in June 2009.
By then, significant
events had taken place.
We began to realize that
this was an exceptional case.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> It has been the same
object 16 months later.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes, you're right.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> For me it is normal.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Each time is unique because
it generates very intense
emotions.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes, tomorrow.
I will be attentive to
what happens in the sky.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> I would like to mention
that every time Antonio films,
his heart beats intensely.
He gets very excited.
His face, it turns bright red.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> I believe that above all,
it's due to the vibrations that
I perceive.
They affect me physically.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> Yes, yes.
It affects you a lot.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Of course.
I remember that one night
when he was a child, Antonio
was on the terrace of the
house and began to shout.
Hurry!
Run!
Come!
Come here!
And then we saw a
flotilla of those objects.
Antonio was crying inconsolably.
He was so nervous,
so nervous that I
was afraid he would
have a heart attack.
It was so scary!
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Yes, it was during
the time of the flotilla.
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
Yes, that's correct.
But even at sunset--
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> It was almost midnight.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> -- you could see
those beautiful shows.
Even at night, it's spectacular.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> That happened in '95 and '96.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Yes.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Shortly after hearing the
stories of Eugenio Siragusa
and Giorgio Bongiovanni, I began
to understand my experiences
better.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Yes, very much.
I was afraid.
I was worried that he would
have a heart attack, because he
was crying and screaming.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> At that time I
did not record video.
And I started doing it
when I met Simone in 2000.
I recorded events
for six months.
Then came a period of
calm for several years.
In August of 2003, I began
filming together with Simone.
>> During 2009, Antonio recorded
many objects and luminous
spheres in different
parts of the world.
Between February 22 and 28, he
was invited to the UFO World
Congress in Loughlin,
Nevada, and there he
was able to record these objects
that seemed to be attracted
by his presence two more times.
This city is located in
an isolated desert area.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> At that Congress, Pierre
Giorgio Caria's documentary,
titled The Urzi Case,
would be awarded.
>> The best UFO footage
within a documentary.
The winner is The Urzi Case.
[CHEERING AND APPLAUSE]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> Thank you to everyone.
You are a fantastic audience.
[CHEERING]
The credit is not only mine,
but of Pier Giorgio Caria, who
made the documentary with his
excellent team of Studio 3,
and the producer Luco Trovalesi.
Jaime Maussan, thanks to
him for making my case
known to the public.
My special thanks
to a person who
has enhanced my experiences
over the last three
years, my spiritual master,
Giorgio Bongiovanni,
and the other person
we should all remember,
the great teacher, Jesus Christ.
Thank you.
>> Antonio would also be invited
to a Congress in Turkey on June
9, 2009, where he would also
record these strange objects
in the sky, attracting the
attention of the audience
and even the media.
TV channels were
broadcasting live.
At a later moment, he filmed an
object very close to the hotel
where he was standing.
>> This is one!
OK!
[WHISTLES] OK!
This is fantastic!
OK.
>> Also, during a vigil on a
beach near the Sea of Marmara
in Turkey, accompanied by
researchers Dr. Haktan Akdogan,
Roger Leir, and Jaime Maussan,
they filmed another sighting.
On July 2, 2009, in Capilla
del Monte in Argentina,
he would film with fantastic
clarity a fascinating sphere
of energy.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>> It's huge!
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> They are the witnesses.
[LAUGHTER]
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> Oh, even a cute dog.
>> On September 4th, he would
record a group of spheres known
as flotillas, in downtown Milan.
The Italian radio and
television cameras
also captured this event.
An extraordinary
reality is hidden
behind this Italian contact.
The strange unidentified
object seemed
to follow him wherever
he is, not only in Italy,
but anywhere he
travels in the world.
>> Who can deny the veracity
of these videos by Antonio Urzi
in the face of such
overwhelming evidence?
In Italy, some is skeptical
investigators question
Antonio's evidence,
even falsifying
or modifying to stop
it from reaching
the public as authentic.
We will present that
in our research,
as well as the
detailed analysis that
have been made of the
images of Antonio Urzi.
So far, we have not
found a single doubt
about the authenticity
of his collection.
I am Jaime Maussan,
and I'll see you
in the next episode of Nuevo.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Gaia presented Nuevo,
with Jaime Maussan.